Now let's do an exercise involving updating some state.
A little more complicated.
I've made this simple app using create react up.
Let's take a look at the code.
So this app just has one component called app and you can see in our constructor we have state which
has an array of instructors and our array of instructors contains objects.
Each object has a name and a hobby's array.
So definitely much more complicated.
The first piece of state we saw were we just had a string and then down here in our render method we'll
just loop over that array of instructors and display the instructor name and then display the list of
instructor hobbies.
So what's your goal for this assignment.
Well your code should randomly select an instructor and then randomly decide to remove that instructor's
hobby.
So let's say that's Matt was randomly selected and then one of those Javie should be randomly moved.
Let's say that random removed Havi happens to be math.
So after your code has been loaded for five seconds math should be removed and all we should see is
the from that.
Now if I refresh that page a different hobby should be randomly move from a different random instructor.
So the basic setup for this code would be at the bottom of this constructor function.
I'm going to have a set time out
that runs in approximately five seconds and does something to update the state.
Make sure you use an arrow function here.
We want to make sure that we preserve this in our callback function so that this set state refers to
the right.
This will see this more but just for the time being make sure this is an arrow function on normal function.
And one more piece of advice.
Make absolutely sure that you don't modify anything directly in this that's at stake.
Remember what we talked about in our pure function examples in the last video.
All the objects the update using set state must not modify the original state.
So good luck with that and then we'll see a solution after you give it a try.